## Survival Difficulty Class Guide
-------------------------------

***"**One thing to note is that passive entities are not usually taken into account when this number \[entity count\] is finalized, as they are not always necessarily a hostile threat...**"***

- **Devoid of entities:** No hostile entities exist in the level, save for the occasional straggler from another group. This does not necessarily mean, however, that there are no entities at all within the boundaries of the level — passive entities, as has been noted, do not usually count towards this total.
- **Minimal entity count:** There is a miniscule amount of entities in the level. This typically means that hostile entities are not a major issue in the level, and their numbers are insignificant in the grand scheme of things.
- **Low entity count:** Entities have a notable presence within the level, which, whilst not extremely dangerous, could cause some issues for wanderers attempting to explore. A low entity count means that when traversing the level, a wanderer is bound to encounter a hostile entity or two during their travel, but they will generally have ample time to take a breather should they need to do so.
- **Medium entity count:** There is a significant amount of hostile entities in the level, which means encounters are fairly common at this stage. Wanderers who explore levels with a medium entity count will most definitely encounter a concerning amount of hostile entities, and they should always be on their guard for attacks.
- **Entity infestation:** There is an incomprehensibly large population of hostile entities in the level. Wanderers traversing levels with this number of entities are guaranteed to encounter multiple entity attacks during their exploration. Traversing through hostile, entity-infested levels is generally unadvised unless absolutely necessary, for obvious reasons; no level which requires you to always keep a weapon at hand when traveling should be considered even remotely safe.
- **Undocumented Entities:** The amount of hostile entities — or rather, entities in general — is unknown. Wanderers are nonetheless advised to prepare for the worst, as a lack of information is the pitfall of many daring wanderers.

- **Habitable:** A habitable SD class means that the level is completely safe to live in, with an astronomically low chance of any notable danger existing within said level. Preparation for entity attacks at all times is unneeded, as is preparation for sudden environmental changes or deadly terrain shifts. It is to be noted that a distinction is made between habitable and class 0 ratings: class 0 levels are usually not dangerous, but do not hold the potential to sustain perennial communities on their own. Habitable class levels, on the other hand, are both relatively safe and hold the potential for sustained life. A good example of a habitable level would be the Crimson Forest.
- **Deadzone:** A deadzone classification means that the level in question is considered utterly unfit for human life. This can be caused by various factors, such as an immediately dangerous environment (e.g Level 420)2, the presence of substances lethal to humans (e.g Level 11.2), or anomalous effects that cause the level to be uninhabitable for some inexplicable reason (e.g Level 790). Deadzones are not entirely unsurvivable, however. Some of them can be traversed safely (or even lived in) with proper equipment and preparations. Exploring a Deadzone is not a feat to take lightly, and should be thoroughly planned out beforehand so as to have the highest chance of survival.
- **Pending:** A pending class is merely just a placeholder for when the level's class is still undetermined, most oftenly due to ongoing studies or sudden changes in the level's environment. An example of a level which utilizes this class is Level 256.
- **N/A:** N/A is a seldom given class which is assigned to a level unexplorable by normal means (e.g the Mind Palace) or to one that no longer exists (e.g Level 907).
- **Amended:** Amended is a class given to articles that have been noticeably altered by extraordinary means. This class is not given out often, as altered documents can sometimes be difficult to notice. However, the class is always assigned to articles the moment these alterations are discovered. Levels such as Level 721 have been assigned the Amended class due to this.
- **Omega:** Omega is assigned to levels that have been classified due to the entry containing sensitive information. Like amended, this class is given out rarely, as our mission is not to hide information from the public. This class exists for when we must do so when it is safer that the public does not know about it than if they did. An example of the Omega survival difficulty in use would be Level 302.

*-The Backrooms Wiki. (2023, March 01). Retrieved from http://backrooms-wiki.wikidot.com/sd-class-guide-*